How does React work to display stuff on a website?
  Users send a request to the server, server respond with a HTML file which is tied with the bundled JS file that contains the React app.

What is a React component?
  A functions or class that produces JSX, which is made up of HTML and other React components, to display and handles feedback from users.
  How to make a good component?
    Nesting and customize resuable components.
    How to send information to a component:
      send in some simple pieces
      send in a JSX block: props.children
    How to communicate from child to parent?
      send in a method.
    How to set up a default prop?


How does React start up in users' browser?
  Find root div
  Control it
  Render the highest react component in the root div.
  
 
How to connect a form to backend?


How to render a variable or an expression?
  {variable} in JSX.
  React renders string and number only.

How to customize a JSX element?
  Props
    Syntax:
      propA="string" OR {the others like number, object, variable...}
    What's the differences between JSX props and HTML attributes?
      we can provide a variable to a prop to make components configurable.
    Other things to note on converting HTML to JSX?
      Camelcase: maxlength -> maxLength
      class -> className
        For class is assigned in JS
      In-line styles are provided as objects instead of strings

 How to handle async operations?
    Using state
      What is state?
        An object that being updated with setState() cause the component to rerender instantly.
 
 How to handle user input?
    How to trigger some function when we input new information into some area on the website?
      Wire up an event handler with a JSX element by props like conChange, onClick, onSubmit.
    How does the event object work?
 
 
 How to make requests to an API?
    axios
      which returns an object called 'promise.'
      To avoid duplicate codes, we can instantiate an axios instance using axios.create()
    fetch

How to get access to a DOM element?
    Refs

 
 -------
 Common bugs:
 How to let 'this' in a method reflect an instance?
    Rebind
    arrow function
    
    
 
 
 
 -------
 Design issues:
  What are component lifecycle methods?
    Methods that get triggered at certain point of time.
    Its use?
      manage complexity
  Why do we prefer controlled component to uncontrolled component?
    What is 'controlled':
      form data is handled by component's state.
    To store the informationn in a component rather than in DOM.
      so that we can manipulate user inputs with more flexibility.
